Try leaving. last night.
How are you? Are you okay?
Is there any discomfort? I'm fine.
What about you? Me too. I just can't quite remember what happened last night?
I didn't do anything to get out of the car, right?
No. But when you say you are very rich, you also say you are Mr. Sheng?
Is it true? I really said it.
Why did I talk about my dream?
Madam, it's so embarrassing.
Having dreams is a good thing. No. 19
You are a new practitioner
Is this how you get stuck at work? Hi, Team Leader
The company stipulates that you go to work at nine o'clock
I just scored 8.59
Get to work in 59 seconds
It has nothing to do with you
You, don’t think that you have changed your job
I can't do anything to you
Shen Yi, let me tell you
this company
I have the final say
This is too powerful. These words
He's usually like this too
Will he be honest?
Is it okay if the investor is his ex-boyfriend?
He dated me for about a month
Just criticized a rich foreigner
His ex-boyfriend was quite awesome.